magento/devdocs#: DevDocs contributors guide. Add info about symbolic links. (#5357)
magento/devdocs: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

        ```bash
        cp guides/v2.2/install-gde/composer.md guides/v2.3/install-gde/composer.md
        ```
        

>     - When you create a new topic (a new `.md` file will be created) and its content is true for v.2.2 and 2.3 versions please create a symbolic link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - When you create a new topic (a new `.md` file will be created) and its content is the same for 2.2 and 2.3 versions, please create a symbolic link.
```

Author: **fixed**

>         For example: you created a new file for v.2.2 - `guides/v2.2/install-gde/new-doc-topic.md` and its content is true for v.2.3 then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        For example: you created a new file for v.2.2 - `guides/v2.2/install-gde/new-doc-topic.md` and its content is the same for v.2.3 then
```

Author: **fixed**

        - do not create a copy of `guides/v2.2/install-gde/new-doc-topic.md` in the `guides/v2.3/install-gde/` folder
        - use the command below to create the appropriate symbolic link
        
        ```bash
        cd <DEVDOCS_REPOSITORY_ROOT_DIR>
        ```
        
        ```bash
        ln -s guides/v2.2/install-gde/new-doc-topic.md guides/v2.3/install-gde/new-doc-topic.md
        ```
        

>     - The notice above works for images. So if you used an image for v.2.2 and that is true for v.2.3 then create a symbolic link and do not make a copy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This approach works for images as well. So if you used an image for v.2.2 and that image is the same for v.2.3 then create a symbolic link and do not make a copy:
```

Author: **fixed**

        cp guides/v2.2/install-gde/composer.md guides/v2.3/install-gde/composer.md
        ```

>     - When you create a new topic (a new `.md` file will be created) and its content is the same for 2.2 and 2.3 versions, please create a symbolic link.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - When you create a new topic (create a new `.md` file) and its content is the same for 2.2 and 2.3 versions, create a symbolic link.
```

Author: **fixed**

>         For example: you created a new file for v.2.2 - `guides/v2.2/install-gde/new-doc-topic.md` and its content is the same for v.2.3 then

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        For example, if you created a new file for v.2.2---`guides/v2.2/install-gde/new-doc-topic.md`---and its content is the same for v.2.3:
```

Author: **fixed**

>         - do not create a copy of `guides/v2.2/install-gde/new-doc-topic.md` in the `guides/v2.3/install-gde/` folder

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - Do not create a copy of `guides/v2.2/install-gde/new-doc-topic.md` in the `guides/v2.3/install-gde/` folder.
```

Author: **fixed**

>         - use the command below to create the appropriate symbolic link

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - Use the command below to create the appropriate symbolic link.
```

Author: **fixed**

        ```bash
        cd <DEVDOCS_REPOSITORY_ROOT_DIR>
        ```

        ```bash
        ln -s guides/v2.2/install-gde/new-doc-topic.md guides/v2.3/install-gde/new-doc-topic.md
        ```

>     - This approach works for images as well. So if you used an image for v.2.2 and that image is the same for v.2.3 then create a symbolic link and do not make a copy:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Because this approach works for images as well, if you used an image for v.2.2 and that image is the same for v.2.3, create a symbolic link and do not make a copy:
```

Author: **fixed**

        ```bash
        cd <DEVDOCS_REPOSITORY_ROOT_DIR>
        ```

        ```bash
        ln -s guides/v2.2/cloud/trouble/images/outgoing-emails.png guides/v2.3/cloud/trouble/images/outgoing-emails.png
        ```        

> - Make sure that you update the correct version(s) of documentation (v2.2, v2.3). If you are not sure what directory to put your content in, just do your best. We can help re-locate it (if necessary) during the review process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ensure that you update the correct version(s) of documentation (v2.2, v2.3). If you are not sure what directory to put your content in, just do your best. We can help re-locate it (if necessary) during the review process.
```

Author: **fixed**

Author: @shrielenee , thank you!

🌸

        cp guides/v2.2/install-gde/composer.md guides/v2.3/install-gde/composer.md
        ```

>     - When you create a new topic (create a new `.md` file) and its content is the same for 2.2 and 2.3 versions, create a symbolic link.

Reviewer 2: Move the section as noted in the image as a section entitled "Symbolic links" in the Tips for writing content section (after Edit metadata). I think it warrants its own section so people can easily see this information. Don't you?

Reviewer 2: ![Screen Shot 2019-09-11 at 8 15 24 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14031342/64700566-c0571600-d46c-11e9-9aac-f024523a6b2a.png)

Author: of course, I do @shrielenee

**done**
